.Dd $Mdocdate$
.Dt GIT-GET 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm git-get
.Nd Reset current branch to remote branch
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm git get
.Op <options>
.Op Ar <branch-name>
.Nm git get
.Fl i
.Op <options>
.Sh DESCRIPTION
A wrapper around
.Xr git-reset 1
that provides utilities for changing remote branch HEAD points to.
.sp
Must be configured before it will work.
Needs
.Sy gitset.defaultremote
to know which remote to update.
.sp
.Sh OPTIONS
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fl i
Interactive mode.
Use
.Xr git-branches 1
to list matching remote branches and offers the user the choice which one to
reset to.
.sp
.It Fl f
By default, exits with a warning if uncommited changes are present, or if the
current HEAD is not referenced by any remote branch.
This flags overrides this check.
.sp
.It Ar <branch-name>
Reset to the branch matching the specified name.
.El
.sp
.Sh CONFIGURATION
The following is copied from
.Xr git-set 1
.Xr git 1
supports configuration to be stored per repository or globally.
The
.Xr git-config 1
flag
.Ql Fl -global
controls this.
.sp
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Sy gitset.defaultremote
The remote to push to.
Must be a registered remote.
If
.Ql origin
a
.Sy gitset.branchPrefix
is strongly recommended!
.sp
Example usage
.Ql git config --global gitset.defaultremote my-cool-remote
.sp
.It Sy gitset.branchPrefix
A prefix to use for all generated branch names.
.sp
Example
.Ql my-username/
.sp
.It Sy gitset.allowOriginWoPrefix
Setting
.Sy gitset.defaultremote
to
.Ql origin
while having no
.Sy gitset.branchPrefix
can be very dangerous.
This setting allows the caller to opt out of this warning.
.El
.sp
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr git-branches 1 ,
.Xr git-set 1
.Sh GIT-EXTRA
Part of the
.Sy git-extra
suite, tied to
.Xr git-set 1
utility
