.Dd $Mdocdate$
.Dt GIT-SET 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm git-set
.Nd Update single remote branch
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm git set
.Op <options>
.Ar <branch-name>
.Op Ar <commit-ref>
.Nm git set
.Fl g
.Op <options>
.Op Ar <commit-ref>
.Sh DESCRIPTION
A wrapper around git push that provides some utilities with regards to branch
naming and updating.
.Ar <commit-ref>
defaults to HEAD unless specified
.sp
Must be configured before it will work.
Needs
.Sy gitset.defaultremote
to know which remote to update.
.sp
.Sh OPTIONS
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It -n, --dry-run
Do not actually push anything, passed on to
.Xr git-push 1 .
.sp
.It -g, --guess
Use
.Xr git-make-branchname 1
to infer a branch name from the summary of the
.Ar <commit-ref> .
.sp
.It -v, --verbose
Print additional information
.El
.sp
.Sh CONFIGURATION
.Xr git 1
supports configuration to be stored per repository or globally.
The
.Xr git-config 1
flag
.Ql Fl -global
controls this.
.sp
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Sy gitset.defaultremote
The remote to push to.
Must be a registered remote.
If
.Ql origin ,
a
.Sy gitset.branchPrefix
is strongly recommended!
.sp
Example usage
.Ql git config --global gitset.defaultremote my-cool-remote
.sp
.It Sy gitset.branchPrefix
A prefix to use for all generated branch names.
.sp
Example
.Ql my-username/
.sp
.It Sy gitset.allowOriginWoPrefix
Setting
.Sy gitset.defaultremote
to
.Ql origin
while having no
.Sy gitset.branchPrefix
can be very dangerous.
This setting allows the caller to opt out of this warning.
.El
.sp
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr git-branches 1 ,
.Xr git-get 1 ,
.Xr git-make-branchname 1
.Sh GIT-EXTRA
Part of the
.Sy git-extra
suite.
