.Dd $Mdocdate$
.Dt GIT-CONFLICTING 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm git-conflicting
.Nd Operate on files with conflicts
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm git conflicting
.Op ls
.Nm git conflicting add
.Op <options>
.Nm git conflicting edit
.Op <options>
.Sh DESCRIPTION
This utility allows quick and easy operating on conflicting files.
.sp
More often than not, when there is a conflict what one wants to do
is to open all the files with conflict, find the conflict markers
and resolve them.
.sp
If there are any conflict markers left in files after editing them, or before
adding them, the script will warn about this.
.Sh COMMANDS
With no arguments does the same thing as the ls command.
.sp
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Op ls
Print the paths of all conflicting files.
.It Xo add
.Op Fl Fl [no-]check
.Xc
Add all conflicting files.
Performs a check for conflict markers.
.It Xo edit
.Op Fl Fl [no-]check
.Oo Fl e |
.Fl Fl editor
.Oc
.Xc
Open conflicting files in editor.
Prefers parameter if passed otherwise falls back to
.Ev GIT_EDITOR
.Xr git-var 1 .
After editing performs a check for conflict markers.
.El
.Sh OPTIONS
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Xo Fl n ,
.Fl Fl [no-]check
.Xc
By default some commands ensure that no conflict markers are present in
conflicting files, this flag disables this.
.sp
.It Xo Fl e ,
.Fl Fl editor
.Xc
The command to invoke to launch the editor.
Files to open will be passed as command line arguments.
.El
.sp
.Sh CONFIGURATION
.Xr git 1
supports configuration to be stored per repository or globally.
The git config flag
.Ql --global
controls this.
.sp
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Sy gitconflicting.check
Whether to enable or disable check by default.
.sp
.It Sy gitconflicting.editor
An editor to use by default.
.El
.Sh GIT-EXTRA
Part of the
.Sy git-extra
suite.
