.Dd $Mdocdate$
.Dt GIT-AUTOSQUASH 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm git-autosquash
.Nd Automatically apply
.Ql fixup\&!
commits
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm git-autosquash
.Sh DESCRIPTION
This utility automates application of
.Ql fixup\&!
commits.
It finds the earliest commit that is targeted by the fixup commits and
automatically calls
.Ql git rebase -i <commit> --autosquash
with the commit.
It also sets
.Ql GIT_EDITOR=true
temporarily, which means that the interactivity is removed, but the TODO script
is still executed, applying the fixups.
.sp
If a
.Ql fixup\&!
targets a commit that is already merged to the
.Ql HEAD
branch of
.Sy gitautosquash.remote ,
then the command will fail.
It will also only consider commits that are not merged to the
.Ql HEAD
branch.
.Sh EXAMPLES
Let's assume we have the following history
.Bl -inset -offset Ds -compact
.It Ql bec7842 (HEAD -> master) fixup! commit4
.It Ql 3f6efb1 fixup! commit3
.It Ql b044169 commit4
.It Ql 3ebda94 commit3
.It Ql ea8ad74 (origin/master, origin/HEAD) commit2
.It Ql f3ad622 commit1
.El
.sp
At this point running the command
.Ql git autosquash
will identify
.Ql commit3 (3ebda94)
as the earliest commit targeted by a fixup.
Which makes the command equivalent to running:
.Ql GIT_EDITOR=true git rebase -i 3ebda94 --autosquash
.sp
.Sh CONFIGURATION
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Sy gitautosquash.remote
The remote that is used for bounds for fixups.
Defaults to
.Ql origin .
.El
.sp
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr git-fixup 1 ,
.Xr git-fixup-targets 1
.Sh GIT-EXTRA
Part of the
.Sy git-extra
suite.
